feat: robots migration (#312)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20240422_Multi_MigrateRobotsToChainlinkAutomationV2/MigrateRobotsToChainlinkAutomationV2.md

---
title: "Migrate Robots to Chainlink Automation v2"
author: "BGD Labs (@bgdlabs)"
discussions: ""
---

## Simple Summary

Proposal to migrate existing Aave robots from chainlink automation `v1.2` to `v2.1`. For governance v3 robots on ethereum, we also introduce gas-capped robots in order to limit execution based on network gas price.

## Motivation

> With the release of Chainlink automation `v2.1`, we think its a good idea to update our existing infrastructure to the latest `v2.1` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the release of Chainlink automation `v2.1`, we think its a good idea to update the Aave Robot existing infrastructure to the latest `v2.1` version.
```

In addition, as an effort to reduce the cost spent in gas in times of high gas prices, we also introduce gas-capped robots on mainnet which will be activated via this proposal.

## Specification

> For the migration, the robots registered on the previous robot operator contract will be cancelled and new robots will be registered using an updated robot operator contract which is compatible with the newer version of chainlink automation `v2.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the migration, the robots registered on the previous robot operator contract will be cancelled and new robots will be registered using an updated robot operator contract, compatible with the newer version of chainlink automation `v2.1`.
```
